doc(release) release note hotfix web 25.10.4 awie 25.10.2 (#4930)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 25.10.4

Release date: `December 31, 2025`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Fixed an issue where services associated with multiple hosts are deleted for all hosts when a host is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where services associated with multiple hosts would be deleted for all hosts when a host was deleted.
```

</details>

> <summary>Security fixes</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<details>
<summary>Security fixes</summary>
```

> - [Security] Fixed an issue on CLAPI Import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed an issue with CLAPI Import.
```

## Centreon AWIE

### 25.10.2

Release date: `December 31, 2025`

> <summary>Security fixes</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<details>

<summary>Security fixes</summary>
```

> - [Security] Fixed an issue in AWIE Export Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed an issue with AWIE Export Module.
```

> - [Security] Fixed an issue on CLAPI Import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed an issue with CLAPI Import.
```
